Rodney Govens believes Arkansas’ 1st Congressional District deserves leadership that transcends partisan lines — a Representative who stands up for all people, who seeks out the needs and concerns of his constituents, who prioritizes solutions that help Arkansans over partisan politics and poll results. A problem-solver and bridge-builder, Rodney knows that Arkansas needs a Congressman who is accessible and accountable to his constituents every day, not just during election seasons. 

Courage. Empathy. Authenticity. Determination.
Rodney Govens is a U.S. Army veteran, husband and father, and longtime Court Appointed Special Advocate for abused and neglected children. Rodney was born into a military family in Germany and grew up in Columbia, S.C., spending his teen years in foster care.

He has lived in Cabot since 2017 with his wife of 19 years, Stacy, and their twins, Grayson and Zoey, who are 7. 

During his 3.5 years in the Army, Rodney was an E-4 Specialist with 596 Signal Company from Fort Riley, Kansas, and deployed to Iraq as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. Service honors awarded included the Army Achievement Medal and the Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, among others.

Since his honorable discharge in 2005, Govens has worked as operations manager for broadband and telecom providers serving rural Arkansas — a role that introduced him to Arkansans in rural communities and small towns all over the Natural State.

MISSION & VISION
Amplifying The Voices Of Arkansas
Rodney is not your typical political candidate. He’s a “regular guy” who’s experienced hardships and worked his way through them. Rodney grew up in South Carolina and spent his teen years in foster care before serving with the U.S. Army in Iraq. He’s heard from a lot of Arkansans who, like him, are frustrated with elected officials who don’t seem to hear — let alone prioritize — the needs of regular folks, your neighbors and his neighbors, many of whom are barely making ends meet. It’s time to elect someone who works for the needs of Arkansans from all walks of life.

ISSUES & PRIORITIES
Rodney’s #Goals

Arkansas’ farmers are struggling more than ever before. Removing the United States from NAFTA was disastrous for Arkansas’ crop producers and ranchers, and all of us experience the fallout of terrible leadership every time we go to the grocery store. We can no longer afford for our leaders to stick their heads in the sand and merely hope and pray that it will get better. We must elect leaders who will work in the trenches to build a better system and find solutions that work for Arkansans in every income bracket.

The United States spends more of our federal budget on the military than any other country in the world, yet we have more soldiers on government assistance programs than at any time in recent memory. Corporate profits continue to climb to new records, and so does the number of full-time workers who can’t support their families’ basic needs. We must forge new, equitable paths to achieve economic stability for everyone. 

Arkansas’ public schools are the lifeblood of our communities — especially outside of the metro areas. We must re-commit to investing in and adapting our public education system for the workforce we have now and the workforce of tomorrow. Our schools must be equipped to embrace the future and equip our children and our grandchildren with the skills and knowledge they’ll need to thrive in a fast-changing world.

Rodney is committed to visiting every city and town in Arkansas’ First Congressional District, to ask you and your neighbors what you need your next Congressman to do in office. Your donation will power Rodney’s work and restore empathy and hope for Arkansans. 